all people and welcome to my 18th
follow games myths
today it is about another topic and
though not even pokémon or mario or
Is there anything else
but ask about world of warcraft
you just okay what came road of
rent warcraft now for myths
yes, there is not a lot
known but under red-red often fans
it is probably known that will
I achieve now
World of Warcraft is probably that
Most famous mmo rpg play in the world
Peak times can be reached with the game
over 12 million subscribers and makes
a turnover of well over one
billion dollars
Reason enough the game also in the
Guinness Book of Records as
most popular multiplayer online
Role-playing record such a big one
success and above all, such a big one
Number of active players are best
Indicators for myths around the game
even though it may not be countless
syllable and for myths around wow are so
hides one of the best known
maybe even one of the scariest
no single from alvin right in front of the
allianz six children with the names anna
loos erin cameron lisa and also the gold
Homeschoolers are called between seven
and eight o'clock there and
deliver a really great spectacle
The children do the daily
same route starting at the house on
crystal over storm wind to gold
home to the 9th
to the north behind and back in the
house from which they came
this tour lasts about an hour and a half
is completely identical every day
does not sound unusual at first
but now it gets scary
the children stay on their way namely
stand and form every now and again
together a pentagram in which
every child at a corner represents wherein
always the same children too
same pose
to relate this pentagram shapes you
on her way over and over again
No matter where you go, they look
not always the same
Nevertheless they make up the sky
in common only a diesel a form
Then you are in your own home on
Crystal arrived
so the whole thing gets even scarier there
that changes all at once
background music and looks somber and
scary also the children do not
more the usual formation but you
stand opposite each other when
one waits for an instant and
listening carefully so you can following sentence
from the speakers the death is approaching or
in English version Ruble 3 it will be
suspects that it is the
voice of thun acts which once
a mighty old god was the
share scary children of gold
but an allusion to the
short story children of the corn of
stephen king be under the names
Children of Wrath has already been filmed
other signs of the evil but
right in the name and should be
the letters order the
initial letters of the individual children
sum up and then through sex part
the result would have to be 666 ie the
number of antichrist rana medhi wrong with
jfk cameron with c lisa with l and shawn
with geotagging added up 4 + 10 + 13 +
12 to 10 40
and now divided by six so the
Number of children are six will be
the u6 gives 666 though it is
after the common period six nevertheless
a really amazing result
But are these children really?
if so, why were you in the game?
added
in fact there are these children of
share gold and they really do this
mysterious scary things like above
have been described
So they were described by her too
her house which is on the crystal she lies
indicates a creepy allusion
in the horrorfilm friday the thirteenth
is from the year 1980, the
there camp also on the so-called
osterwick translates into German
see and is there for several brutal ones
murders
one suspects that developer blizzard
entertainment here only one
so-called easteregg fed and
the games also settle a little
usual operations from the rotor court
consist of employing and maintaining
Jesus , of all people, is such a big one
Surprise must be possible
never experienced
So in my personal view I
but never motocross gambled and I know
I do not like this god or
what is out there but I have so me
did so a few friends play this and
yes I think so okay my friend gamble
robotic follower maybe i would have
rent in front of kassel video game or so and
in fact, I came across
on this myth
yes write me in the comments
Have you ever seen these kids or
or has already this strange
heard noises
apropos noise in the description
is the link for a video the
einspieler has probably recorded the
truth shows that these children are there
really do these strange things
Look at it when I look at it
I was really right
not so yes so the atmosphere has
I'm really crazy then really
taken and it was kind of scary
but I 've got it though
but no votes are all where they are
then the pentagram formed correctly
scary so be sure to check out
the video in the description can yes
that was it with the eighth consecutive games
need to be with world of warcraft
if you liked it subscribed
not commenting on my videos and lays
you will not regret visiting it
on my facebook homepage and steam it
Everything is in the description
Yes, and we'll see each other in 19
explained today